[RHDHBUGS-2722]: Restructure authentication title to JTBD outline (#2049)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/shared/proc-import-users-and-groups-from-gitlab.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="import-users-and-groups-from-gitlab_{context}"]
= Import users and groups from GitLab

[role="_abstract"]
Import GitLab users and groups to the {product} software catalog.

.Prerequisites
* You have xref:share-a-secret-with-gitlab_{secrets-context}[shared a secret with GitLab].

.Procedure

> . Enable provisioning for GitLab users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog by adding the provider section to your {product-very-short} `{my-app-config-file}` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a GitLab provider section to your {product-very-short} `{my-app-config-file}` file:
```

        relations:
          - INHERITED
          - DESCENDANTS
          - SHARED_FROM_GROUPS
        groupPattern: `[\s\S]*`
        restrictUsersToGroup: true
        includeUsersWithoutSeat: true
        schedule:
          initialDelay:
            seconds: 0
          frequency:
            minutes: 50
          timeout:
            minutes: 50
----

`host`::
Enter your GitLab instance address: pass:c,a,q[`${GITLAB_HOST}`].

`orgEnabled`::
Set to `true` to enable the ingestion of GitLab organizational data, such as users and groups. For the GitLab site, you must also provide a value for the `group` parameter.

`group`::
Enter your configured link:https://docs.gitlab.com/user/group/[GitLab parent group]: `${GITLAB_PARENT_ORG}`.

`relations`::
Optional. Specify the types of group memberships to include during ingestion. You can use the following values:
. `INHERITED`: Optional. Includes members of any ancestor groups as members of the current group.
. `DESCENDANTS`: Optional. Includes members of any descendant groups as members of the current group.
. `SHARED_FROM_GROUPS`: Optional. Includes members of any invited groups as members of the current group.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
`INHERITED`:::
Optional. Includes members of any ancestor groups as members of the current group.

`DESCENDANTS`:::
Optional. Includes members of any descendant groups as members of the current group.

`SHARED_FROM_GROUPS`:::
Optional. Includes members of any invited groups as members of the current group.

```

`groupPattern`::
Optional. Filters found groups based on provided pattern. Defaults to `[\s\S]*`, which means to not filter anything.

`restrictUsersToGroup`::
Set to `true` to import only users who are direct members of the configured group.

`includeUsersWithoutSeat`::
Set to `true` to include users who do not occupy a paid seat. This setting applies only to GitLab SaaS.

`schedule.initialDelay`::

> Enter your schedule initial delay, in the ISO duration or "human duration" format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your schedule initial delay, in the ISO duration or `HumanDuration` format.
```

`schedule.frequency`::

> Enter your schedule frequency, in the cron, ISO duration, or "human duration" format.

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
Enter your schedule frequency, in the cron, ISO duration, or `HumanDuration` format.
```

`schedule.timeout`::

> Enter your schedule timeout, in the ISO duration or "human duration" format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your schedule timeout, in the ISO duration or `HumanDuration` format.
```
